Written by Brent Warner
Summer 2003

OUTLINE OF MATLAB PROGRAMS

1.  PLOTTING PROGRAMS
The format for calling any of the following is to simply type the filename
(minus the .m extension) at the matlab command line.

--VISUAL

	plotvisual.m - Plots all regions in visual model on two separate
	figures.  Figure 1 contains the V1h, V1v, V4h, V4c, V4v regions.
	Figure 2 contains the IT, FS, D1, D2, FR.  These plots are the
	electrical activity from the *.out files. 

	plotvis_rl.m - This is for use with the combined hemisphere model
	(mkbatchrlcomb).  It plots the electrical activity in the same
	plot configuration as plotvisual.m, except this time it includes
	both the "specific" and "non-specific" neurons.  Specific = red.
	Non-specific = blue.

--AUDITORY

	plotauditory.m - Plots all regions in auditory model on two separate
	figures.  Figure 1 contains A1d, A1u, A2d, A2c, A2u.  Figure 2
	contains ST, FS, D1, D2, FR.  These plots are of electrical activity.

	plotaud_rl.m - For use with combined hemisphere model (mkbatchrlc_au).
	It plots electrical activity in the same configuration as above, but
	plots both specific and non-specific nurons.  Specific = red.
	Non-specific = blue.

	plot_audleft.m - Plots only left hemisphere or non-specific electrical
	activity in the same plot configuration as above.

	maketopo.m - This is useful for visualizing your auditory inputs.  It
	manipulates the input units so that, when plotted, appear in a
	topographical fashion, i.e. you can see the shape of the inputs, up-
	sweeps, down-sweeps, etc.

2.  MOVIE PROGRAMS
All of these programs call either mov.m or mov2.m

FORMAT:  m=loadmovie*;
	 movie(m,nt);  (nt is number of times to play movie, m)

--VISUAL

	loadmovieB.m - Creates a movie of the electrical activity.  The movie
	window is divided into left/non-specific on the top row and right/
	specific on the bottom.  From left to right the squares are:
	LGN, V1, V4, IT, FS, D1, D2, FR.
	
	loadmovieR.m - Right hemisphere only.

--AUDITORY

	loadmovieB_au.m - Same as visual version.  From left to right the
	regions are:  MGN, A1, A2, ST, FS, D1, D2, FR.

	loadmovieR_au.m - Same as visual version.

3.  ANALYSIS PROGRAMS
I am only listing the programs that I have used this summer.  Some of the other
programs in the directory are old versions of new programs, are called by
programs I discuss, or I simply don't know what they do!

First, to run any of these you must construct a few files.  These should all be
included in the directory containing all of the "subject" directories.

	subjectlist.mat - A list of the subjects in the simulation you wish
	to analyze.  Enter matlab and construct it as follows:
		subjectlist = ['subj1 ';'subj2 ';....'subjxx'];
		save subjectlist;
	Note that if you have >= 10 subjects you must include spaces in the
	earlier elements so that every element is the same length.

	attnlist.mat - A list of the attention levels in the simulation.
	Construct it similarly to subjectlist.
		attnlist = ['b18';'b19';.....'bxx'];
		save attnlist;

	triallist.mat - A list of the trials in the simulation.
		triallist = ['trial1';.....'trialx'];
		save triallist;
	Note that the spaces problem could crop up again if you have more than
	9 trials.

	task.mat - Contains several variables representing the time parameters
	of the simulation.
		T - total time (in seconds) for an entire subject/attn level
			combination.  T*nb.
		T0-Tx - time for each of the segments of one trial.  for
			example, if a trial has a lead-in, stimulus, delay, 
			stimulus, trail-out pattern, you would have T0 through
			T4.
		Tb1-Tbx - time for each of the segment of one block.  for
			example, if a block has a lead-in, trials, trail-out
			pattern, you would have Tb1 through Tb3.
		Tblock - time for one block.  sum of all Tb#'s.
		Ttrial - time for one trial.  sum of all T#'s.
		nb - number of blocks.
		nt - number of trials per block.
	Create each of these variables and then save them to task.mat as such:
		save task T T0 T1 T2...etc.;

	scanparam.mat - Contains several variables representing scan
	parameters.
		Ti - something...i don't remember!
		Tr - repetition time of scanner.
		delay - hemodynamic delay
		lambda - lambda of poisson function used for hemodynamic
			convolution
	Save these as such:  save scanparam Ti Tr delay lambda;

Note that this is the general order in which you should utilize these programs.
Be sure you have loaded the different list files above before running them.

	catspec_pet.m - Concatenates all of the spec_pet.m files for each
	subject, attn, trial.  You end up with a file spec_pet.mat in every
	attn level directory.

	topsumsynactpf_2.m - Traverses each of the subjects and attentions and
	results in resultpf_2.mat.  This .mat file contains a matrix of mean
	synaptic activity and a vector of integrated activity.

	topcombinesynactpf_2.m - Traverses all of the subjects and attentions
	combining the above matrices and vectors.  It results in a .mat file
	called allactivity.mat.  This contains the matrices allsynact and
	allintgract.

	topseparatetask.m - Loads allactivity.mat and separates the trial
	blocks from the control blocks.  They are saved in separate matrices
	tasksynact and ctrlsynact which are saved in sepsynact.mat.  It also
	creates new task.mat type files called septask.mat and sepctrl.mat.
	This is necessary because the overall time and number of blocks change.

	fmrigen_2.m - Takes the synaptic activity in allsynact, hemodynamically
	convolves it, and samples to create fMRI time series.  Note that if you
	want the fMRI for only the task blocks or control blocks you must save
	that data to a the variable allsynact.  For example,
		allsynact = tasksynact;
		fmrigen_2;
	Note also that this program only works in the current directory, not
	all directories like the "top" programs.  Results in two .mat files,
	fmritask.mat and fmrictrl.mat.  Each contains a matrix called fmridata.
	The first column of fmridata is the time, and 2-8 are the seven regions

	topcorrel.m - Traverses the directories and calculates the correlations
	of synaptic activity as well as fMRI activity for both task and	
	controls.  So for each subject you are left with a .mat file called 
	correl.mat that contains rtask, rctrl, rtaskfmri, and fctrlfmri.  Each
	of these is a 7x7 matrix of correlations between each of the 7 regions.
